Hey, thanks for joining me.
There's not much to see here so you can just, close your eyes.
Where you are right now, doesn't matter. But I'm there with you.
I'm not much for introductions, so I'll get to the point.

Come walk with me, to the right. (player must hold the right arrow key)

Why do you do the things that you do?
You wake up every morning, you brush your teeth.
You eat. You go to work, or school.
Maybe you have a few hobbies.

But tell me, what do all of those accomplishments mean, in the grand scheme of things?
When you die or when the universe dies, and it's all taken away. What did it really mean? 
No one will remember because no one will be around, to remember it, eventually.

And yet you still continue. Every day.
You ignore this bitter truth.
I don't understand you and I wish I did.


Let's play a little game. 
I want you to stop, and listen.
Move towards the sound that speaks to you the most.

Ah, interesting choice.
(Major) I think you're a person who's pretty happy with their life as it is. Am I wrong?
(Minor) We might actually have some things in common. Do you feel like there's still something missing in your life?

I kind of like you. Is it okay if we talk some more?
I want to help you understand better how I feel.. hmm, let's see.

Sometimes I feel like there's a void that's slowly swallowing everything I cared about.
No matter what I accomplish, no matter the friends I make, no matter the love or support I get, 
everything just gets lost in this, void. It's a curse!

I'm sorry, I got a little out of control there, I don't mean to bother you with my problems, but I want you to understand.

Let me tell you something about this void.
You can recognize it by the sound of its bells.
They sound happy. They comfort you with their sound. 
But it's a trap to lure you in.
If you hear it, you need to run from it.

Run, go, now!

Come find me.
Listen for the violin.
You'll have to move in all directions.

Why do we do the things that we do?
Maybe because we don't know any better.
Maybe because most of the time, things aren't as bad as they seem.
Maybe because life is our short moment, our chance, to experience things.
We haven't existed for so long and we won't exist for a very long time after this.
So we might as well stick around and do the things we enjoy.

You know, something's been bothering me since you joined me.
There is something special inside you. A spark.
You KNOW this? Why haven't you used it?

Forget about my curse of the void. You can break anyone's curse.
Run to the right and Keep running! Jump over any obstacle that comes your way!
You can be something! You can be someone, here, and now!
We'll meet again, go!

(Running, wind sounds increase as obstacle gets closer and you have to jump)

